1.  What is lexical structure?

Ans.)  The basic rules about how to write program in this language. There is rules liked what should be the variable name
       how to do comments. This type of things is called as lexical structure.


2.  What is Unicode?

Ans.)  Unicode code is the international encoding structure which has include numbers letters or symbol which give a unique
       numbers.


3.  Explain all the keywords present in the JavaScript with examples.

Ans.)  Keywords are reserved words that are part of the syntax in the programming language. and we can't use it anywhere else.

1. goto keyword:- Used to return execution control to a specific location.

2. in keyword:- It is an operator returns true if the specified property is present in the specified object, else it returns false.

3. instanceof keyword:- Returns true if the object is an instance of the class otherwise false.

4. arguments keyword:- Represents the list of parameters passed to the function when calling the function.

5. public keyword:- It is an access modifier that can be used with attributes, classes, constructors and methods which make it accessible
                    to other classe

6.  Do keyword:-  Used to define a do-while loop.

7. Function keyword:- Used to define a function to execute a block of code.

8. class keyword:-  Used to define a class.

9. return keyword:-  Used to return from the function or method with or without a value.

10.  Eval keyword:-  Used to evaluate a specified string. The eval use as a global function eval().

11. For keyword:-  Used to define a loop, for loop to repeatedly execute a block of code until a condition true.

12.  12. if keyword:-  Used to define a conditioned construct. if the statement is used to run a block of code if the condition is true.

13. Break keyword:-  used into a loop to break or stop the execution of the loop.

14. debugger keyword:-  Used to stop the execution of javascript code and call debugging function if define. Debugger keyword word the same as
                        the break.

15. Yield keyword:-  Used to pause and resume a generator function. The generator function is the same as a normal function but for 
                     returning a value in place of return it uses yield keyword.


4. What are shorthand operators, explain with a suitable example?

Ans.) combines one of the arithmetic or bitwise operators with the assignment operator. They are also called as compound assignment operators.

int a = 20 ;

a += 10 ;          // which means a = a + 10 , Output is 30

int z = 10 ;

z *= 10 ;           // which means z = z * 10 , Output is 100


5.  What is “use Strict” in JavaScript?

Ans.)   It eliminates some JavaScript silent errors by changing them to throw errors. Strict mode applies to entire scripts or to individual
        functions. It doesn't apply to block statements enclosed in {} braces.

                          


